README.md, before:

# ETL Pipeline Engine

> A flexible and modular ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) engine written in Go.

This project was created for personal and educational purposes to learn Go (Golang), so development may be intermittent.

### Getting Started

#### 1. Build

```bash
go build -o etl
```

#### 2. Start
```bash
etl -file pipeline.yml
# or
etl -web
```

### Available Steps

| Type        | Description                                     |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| `stdout`    | Prints a value to the console                   |
| `uppercase` | Converts a string to uppercase                  |
| `delay`     | Waits a number of milliseconds                  |
| `if`        | Conditional step with true/false branches       |
| `foreach`   | Iterates over array input, spawns sub-pipelines |
| `webhook`   | Trigger step that starts pipelines via HTTP     |


#### Webhook trigger
```yaml
name: StepName
type: webhook
config:
    method: GET|POST (default GET)
    path: (default step name)
```

#### File
```yaml
name: StepName
type: file
config:
    path: file path
```

Documentation for the other steps will be available soon.

Commit message:

Add goja runtime (#6)
* Add goja runtime

* Fix documentation

---------

Co-authored-by: Simon <simon020286@email.com>

README.md, after:

# ETL Pipeline Engine

> A flexible and modular ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) engine written in Go.

This project was created for personal and educational purposes to learn Go (Golang), so development may be intermittent.

### Getting Started

#### 1. Build

```bash
go build -o etl
```

#### 2. Start
```bash
etl -file pipeline.yml
# or
etl -web
```

### Template syntax
The project uses Goja, a pure Go implementation of the JavaScript runtime, as the scripting engine for template evaluation.
Each step's configuration parameters can use JavaScript syntax. For example:

```yaml
name: StepName
type: uppercase
config:
    value: "'text to uppercase'"
```

In this case, the static string will be converted to uppercase.

You can also reference the output of a previous step. For example:
```yaml
name: StepName
type: uppercase
config:
    value: ctx.input1.description
```
In this expression, `ctx` is the execution context, and each step’s output is available through it. You should always refer to `ctx` when accessing data from previous steps.


### Available Steps

| Type        | Description                                     |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| `stdout`    | Prints a value to the console                   |
| `uppercase` | Converts a string to uppercase                  |
| `delay`     | Waits a number of milliseconds                  |
| `if`        | Conditional step with true/false branches       |
| `foreach`   | Iterates over array input, spawns sub-pipelines |
| `webhook`   | Trigger step that starts pipelines via HTTP     |


#### Webhook trigger
```yaml
name: StepName
type: webhook
config:
    method: GET|POST (default GET)
    path: (default step name)
```

#### File
```yaml
name: StepName
type: file
config:
    path: file path
```

Documentation for the other steps will be available soon.
